OCPBUGS-23115:Clarify instructions for builds (#71994)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-source-secrets-entitlements.adoc

.Prerequisites

You must have access to Red Hat Enterpise Linux package repositories through your subscription.

The entitlement secret to access these repositories is automatically created by the Insights Operator when your cluster is subscribed.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must be a cluster administrator or have permission to access secrets in the `openshift-config-managed` project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can access secrets in the `openshift-config-managed` project.
```

====

.Procedure

> . Copy the entitlement secret from the `openshift-config-managed` namespace to the build's namespace:

Reviewer: Can we mention the namespace  name instead of the term "build's namespace"?

Reviewer: In that case I think you can keep something like "namespace of a build"?

> . Copy the entitlement secret from the `openshift-config-managed` namespace to the build's namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the entitlement secret from the `openshift-config-managed` namespace to the build's namespace by using the following YAML content:
```

> . Copy the entitlement secret from the `openshift-config-managed` namespace to the build's namespace by using the following YAML content:

Reviewer 2: Technically this isn't YAML content - the thing that _looks like YAML_ is a template that is fed into the `oc get secret` command. Not 100% sure how this should be phrased to customers (maybe "run the following commands")

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc apply -f - <<EOF
> kind: SharedSecret
> apiVersion: sharedresource.openshift.io/v1alpha1
> metadata:
>   name: etc-pki-entitlement
> spec:
>   secretRef:
>     name: etc-pki-entitlement
>     namespace: openshift-config-managed
> EOF

Reviewer 2: Appears this was missed in the copy/rebase.

This needs to be the following terminal commands:

```suggestion
$ cat << EOF > secret-template.txt
kind: Secret
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: etc-pki-entitlement
type: Opaque
data: {{ range \$key, \$value := .data }}
  {{ \$key }}: {{ \$value }} {{ end }}
EOF
$ oc get secret etc-pki-entitlement -n openshift-config-managed -o=go-template-file --template=secret-template.txt | oc apply -f -
```
